Now there's one thing you also might have noticed. When we only have two posts, so we have no pagination
because we don't have enough posts to have a second page and I add a new value like a duck here,
then this duck will show up but we don't get that next button.
There is a little bug here which is easy to fix, has nothing to with nodejs
but it is really easy to get rid of. In our finish edit handler here,
when we go down to the code where we create that new post and we then add it to our existing posts, it's this
else block here which is interesting to us where we in the end make sure that we only render two items at
a time and that we add our new post at the beginning of the list.
Now here what I need to do is I need to make sure that I do increase the amount of total posts. In our
state in react here where we manage how many posts we have on that page,
I do set total posts here to a different amount of posts
when I fetch all posts where I get that total posts information. Well when adding a new element, I know
that total posts will simply be the old total posts plus one.
So I will add a new variable here,
right below updated posts and that's updated
total posts and that will be previous state total posts and that is a bit of react logic here but
this first of all takes the old status and now when I do go into that else block which is the case
when I am not editing but when I am adding, then I want to set updated total posts plus one, with the plus
plus syntax I increment that by 1 and then here in the return statement
I'll set the total posts equal to updated total posts. And with this change in place,
if I now quickly delete my duck again so that I'm back to two items and I do add my duck so that I go
up to three items again,
now you see that next button and you can use it of course because now we're managing the total post
correctly too.
So that's just a little adjustment, has nothing to do with node or graphql
but since I spotted that bug, I of course also want to get rid of it.
And with that we moved our entire rest API over to graphql and I hope you see the power graphql
gives you by being more flexible regarding the data you fetch from the backend and therefore your frontend
development can move faster because your backend gives you the entire bandwidth of data
you might be interested in.